Have your Sexcoins always with you, in your pocket! You pay by quickly scanning a QR-code. As a merchant, you receive payments reliably and instantly. Sexcoin Wallet is the first mobile Sexcoin app, and arguably also the most secure!

FEATURES:

• No registration, web service or cloud needed! This wallet is de-centralized and peer to peer.
• Display of Sexcoin amount in SXC and mSXC.
• Conversion to and from national currencies.
• Sending and receiving of Sexcoin via NFC, QR-codes or Sexcoin URLs.
• Address book for regularly used Sexcoin addresses.
• When you're offline, you can still pay via Bluetooth.
• System notification for received coins.
• App widget for Sexcoin balance.

You can find more about Sexcoin at
http://sexcoin.net

If you want to contribute to Sexcoin Wallet, the project is located at
https://github.com/lavajumper/sexcoin-wallet

License: GPLv3
Use at your own risk!
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html

Export compliance information:
The Sexcoin Project makes NO WARRANTY or representation that the following
export information is accurate, current or complete. It is your obligation as
the exporter to comply with the current applicable requirements of United
States export rules and regulations. Any use of such information by you is
without recourse to the Sexcoin Project and is at your own risk. The Sexcoin
Project is in no way responsible for any damages, whether direct,
consequential, incidental, or otherwise, suffered by you as a result of using
or relying upon such information for any purpose.
Sexcoin Wallet contains Bouncy Castle bytecode, and is therefore classified as
ECCN 5D002. It is exported by the Sexcoin Project under the TSU exception in
EAR 740.13(e), which applies to software containing or designed for use with
encryption software that is publicly available as open source. Exception TSU
further provides that "Posting encryption source code and corresponding object
code on the Internet (e.g., FTP or World Wide Web site) where it may be
downloaded by anyone neither establishes "knowledge" of a prohibited export or
reexport for purposes of this paragraph, nor triggers any "red flags"
necessitating the affirmative duty to inquire[...] " Note that exporters other
than the Sexcoin Project within the US may or may not be eligible for
exception TSU, and it is each specific exporter's responsibility to understand
and comply with all export regulations applicable within their jurisdiction.
Export notification published here: https://github.com/lavajumper/sexcoin-wallet/Export-Notice
